C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.staticwebassets.runtime.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.exe
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.deps.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.pdb
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.HelloWorldWebApp.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.HelloWorldWebApp.props
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.HelloWorldWebApp.props
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.HelloWorldWebApp.props
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\Pages\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\HelloWorldWebApp.styles.css
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\HelloWorldWebApp.bundle.scp.css
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.pdb
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.exe
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.deps.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.HelloWorldWebApp.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.HelloWorldWebApp.props
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.HelloWorldWebApp.props
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.HelloWorldWebApp.props
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\Pages\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\HelloWorldWebApp.styles.css
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\HelloWorldWebApp.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.exe
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.deps.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.HelloWorldWebApp.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.HelloWorldWebApp.props
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.HelloWorldWebApp.props
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.HelloWorldWebApp.props
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\Pages\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\HelloWorldWebApp.styles.css
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\HelloWorldWebApp.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.exe
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.deps.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.HelloWorldWebApp.Microsoft.AspNetCore.StaticWebAssets.props
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.build.HelloWorldWebApp.props
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildMultiTargeting.HelloWorldWebApp.props
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets\msbuild.buildTransitive.HelloWorldWebApp.props
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\staticwebassets.pack.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\Pages\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\bundle\HelloWorldWebApp.styles.css
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\HelloWorldWebApp.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldWebApp\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
