C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping_HelloWorldApp.Tests
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.deps.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.staticwebassets.runtime.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.exe
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.exe
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.visualstudio.dotnetcore.testadapter.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.reporters.netcoreapp10.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.utility.netcoreapp10.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.deps.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.abstractions.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.assert.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.core.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.execution.dotnet.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.pdb
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.AssemblyInfo.cs
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.pdb
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.genruntimeconfig.cache
C:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\ASP_NET Hello World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping_HelloWorldApp.Tests
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.visualstudio.dotnetcore.testadapter.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.reporters.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.utility.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.deps.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.exe
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.deps.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.assert.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.core.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.execution.dotnet.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Hello_World_App_Unit testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping_HelloWorldApp.Tests
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.visualstudio.dotnetcore.testadapter.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.reporters.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.utility.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.deps.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.exe
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.deps.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.assert.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.core.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.execution.dotnet.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\UnitTesting\ASP_NET-Hello-World_Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.sourcelink.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\CoverletSourceRootsMapping_HelloWorldApp.Tests
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.exe
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\testhost.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.visualstudio.dotnetcore.testadapter.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.reporters.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.runner.utility.netcoreapp10.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.deps.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.exe
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.deps.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.CodeCoverage.Shim.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.PlatformAbstractions.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.TestPlatform.Utilities.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\NuGet.Frameworks.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.abstractions.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.assert.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.core.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\xunit.execution.dotnet.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CoreUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.ObjectModel.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\cs\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\de\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\es\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\fr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\it\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ja\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ko\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pl\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\ru\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\tr\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CommunicationUtilities.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.TestPlatform.CrossPlatEngine.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.VisualStudio.TestPlatform.Common.resources.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\bin\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldWebApp.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\refint\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.pdb
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\HelloWorldApp.Tests.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\224360\Documents\Globelife\Dotnet_UnitTest\Unit_Testing\HelloWorldApp.Tests\obj\Debug\net8.0\ref\HelloWorldApp.Tests.dll
